5/14/20
Met with Cathy to go over some specifics about the Optima replacement. I gathered some data that was exported from the application. Not all the data is present so I am going to be meeting with her again to find out where the other data might be. For now, the data consists of the following: Last Name, First Name, SSN, ID, Location, Department, Hire Date, Job Title, Salutation, Middle Name, Work Status, Employment Status, Birthday, Address 1, Address2, Phone, City, State, Zip, Race, Gender, Veteran Status, Email, Address Last Updated. There are three data points not accounted for at this point. I will meet with Cathy to ask about them.
5/15/20
I spoke with Josh about some options when it came to storing the data. I mentioned that right now all the data I have in a CSV file. If need be we might not need the SQL database. He told me that if we needed to use the SQL database we could but might not be necessary. I spoke with Benjamin over at Tribal to discuss what I was working on. We are planning to meet on Monday.
5/16/20
Continued working on the web app. I have parsed the data in such a way that a loop can be used to populate the main table as well and populate the first details section. I finished making the Detail section and placing all of the correctly labeled fields and combo boxes to the form. At this point the table is functioning. At start up the application loads in the data and selects the first entry. The Detail panel is also selected and the correct data is displayed. The user can select any row in the table and the information will populate the detail section.
5/16/20
Began working on the search functionality. When the user types something into the search bar and hits enter on the keyboard, the table will filter and display only people with that last name. The search is not case sensitive. I plan on making it so the user can do partial searches as well. This way that only have to enter part of a name to get all the results back. I am also working on the clear function that will allow the user to clear the search and display all entries again but still remain on the selected entry.
